Labels:
01. Subterranean Chamber: An unfinished backup plan for the King's Chamber. The walls were originally encrusted with salt. Nobody knows why.  
02. Bottomless Pit shaft: Originally 3.7 m deep. It had since been dug deeper by many explorers. 
03. Dead End Passage: When first explored, the passage floor was covered with about 7 cm of dark earthy mould. 
04. Lesser Subterranean Chamber (Niche/Recess)
05. Descending Passage: The passage was dug into the bedrock below the pyramid.
06. Fallen Concealed Block from the ascending passage above.
07. Original Entrance: When you enter, you are facing South. (Al-Ma'mun entered here?)
08. Descending Passage: North-South orientation. 
09. Abbasid Caliph Al-Ma'mun Forced Entrance in 820 AD (or Exit?).
10. Irregular opening.
11. Al-Ma'mun Forced Entry.
12. Irregular Vertical Passage
13. The ascending passage is above this point.
14. Ascending Passage: The angles of elevation of the ascending passage, descending passage and Grand Gallery are all about 26 degrees.
15. Queen's Chamber Passage
16. Queen's Chamber: When first entered, the walls were encrusted with salt up to 1.3 cm thick. The chamber was originally for Khufu's burial. With the plan changed, the chamber and its two shafts were closed off.   
17. A bridge slab was used to bridge the Grand Gallery and the ascending passage. It was missing. If present, it would have blocked off the Queen's Chamber passage. You can move through this slab (dirty yellow colour).
18. Quadrivium
19. Grand Gallery. A narrow groove runs on either side of the walls above you. Try getting into the grooves.
20. Theory: Al-Ma'mun went down this passage, found nothing in the Subterranean Chamber, dug his way up the irregular passage and found the ascending passage.
21. Tourists Entrance
22. This block was used to conceal the ascending passage above.
23. The Great Step. This point here is aligned with the Pyramid Apex (about 150 m above) and the Queen's Chamber center (about 20 m below).
24. Grand Gallery. Each  ramp shelf on either side has 28 rectangular slots. The floor consists of a large central groove now covered by flat wooden planks.
25. Theory: Al-Ma'mun might have dug this passage to get into the pyramid. However another theory says that he might have dug this passage to get the sarcophagus lid out of the pyramid.
26. The grooves are about 16 cm in height and 2 cm deep. They were well. chiseled, indicating that a lot of materials were removed. (The grooves here are widened for special effect).
27. Bottomless Pit Shaft: The pit is filled with sand and small stones. 
28. Ascending Passage. 
29. Despite the scorching heat felt outside the pyramid, the temperature here remains a constant 20 degrees Celsius.
30. No writing or hieroglyphics have been found within the pyramid.
31. A heavy swivel stone door (coloured cyan here) flushed with the pyramid exterior. (You can move through the stone)
32. The Great Pyramid of Giza was built for Pharaoh Khufu between 2580 BC and 2560 BC.
33. King's Chamber: Khufu's mummified body was not found in the red. granite sarcophagus.
34. 3 granite plugs sealed the ascending passage. 
35. Efrem Piccin in his book (GREAT PYRAMID EXPLANATION) calculated that 25 granite plugs might have been intended to seal the ascending passage.  
36. The walls are corbelled. The distances between the two walls decrease in 7 steps such that at the top, the walls are only 1 metre apart.
37. Niche: A life size statue of Khufu (or his Ka-spiritual double) should be installed here, but the niche was found empty. Explorers hacked a passage at the bottom of the niche.
38. There are no treasures here!
39. Queen's Chamber South Shaft: This could be for ventilation, astronomical function or religious purpose. The opening was originally bricked and camouflaged.
40. Queen's Chamber South Shaft: Robot UPUAUT 2 was sent into the shaft in 1993. Do take a look at what it found (move like a crab).
41. Robot UPUAUT 2 found a small lime-stone slab door with two corroded pieces of copper. What could be behind this door?
42.  ?
43. In 2002, Robot Pyramid Rover drilled a hole in the first smooth slab door. It found a rough cracked screen door. What is behind this second door?
44. In the 2011 Project Djedi, the robot found red paint hieroglyphics behind this door. It found that the two copper pieces could be ornaments like magic hieroglyphic signs for Khufu's soul to ascent to the skies. 
45. Queen's Chamber North Shaft: Items found - a small grey green granite stone ball, a long piece of wood and a copper hook in the form of a swallow's tail.
46. The shaft bent to avoid the Grand Gallery. Robot Pyramid Rover took some time to reach this limestone slab door with two corroded pieces of copper. 
47. ScanPyramids project discovered a large cavity above the Grand Gallery using muon radiography. This slab door is near the cavity and Giulio Magli suggested "A possible explanation of the void in the pyramid of Khufu on the basis of the pyramid texts". 
48. King's Chamber Passage
49. Antechamber: Move up here to view two granite blocks. 
50. Granite Portcullis Theory 1: Some experts think that 3 portcullises were used to seal the King's Chamber Passage. They were lowered to the King's Chamber Passage by wooden cylindrical poles and ropes. Only 1 pole and 1 portcullis are shown here in blue (you may walk through them!). 
51. Granite Portcullis Theory 2: Author Efrem Piccin wrote in his book (GREAT PYRAMID EXPLANATION) that 3 taller portcullises were lowered when the pyramid was built up to the level of the Antechamber. Saddle. shaped stone blocks and mortar were used to seal the portcullises (and hence the King's Chamber Passage). Only 1 portcullis is shown here in red (you may walk through it!).
52. King's Chamber Passage. 
53. Granite monolith: It has four vertical semicircular grooves. Some experts think that the grooves were for ropes to lower the 3 portcullises into the King's Chamber Passage. (move up to view the grooves)
54. Authour Luca Miatello suggested in his article (Examining the Grand Gallery in the Pyramid Khufu and its features) how these grooves could be used as a lifting aid (represented here in purple and you can move through it!) 
55. Forced Passage into the relieve chambers.
56. Davison's Chamber: Its floor is rough. Its ceiling is flat.
57. Wellington's Chamber: Its floor is rough. Its ceiling is flat.
58. Nelson's Chamber: Its floor is rough. Its ceiling is flat.
59. Lady Arbuthnot's Chamber: Its floor is rough. Its ceiling is flat.
60. Campbell's Chamber: : Its floor is rough. It has a pointed limestone roof.
61. Without the relieve Chambers, the King's Chamber would collapse under the weight of the stones above it. Efrem Piccin in his book (GREAT PYRAMID EXPLANATION) had another explanation for the relieving Chambers.
62. King's Chamber South Shaft: This could be for ventilation, astronomical function or ritualistic  purpose (for Khufu's spirit to ascend to the heavens).
63. This shaft opens to the exterior of the pyramid.
64. This shaft opens to the exterior of the pyramid.
65. King's Chamber North Shaft: The shaft bends and therefore could not point directly to a particular star in the night sky.  
66. Found once in this chamber are hieroglyphic inscriptions bearing the name of the work. gang: “The gang, The-white-crown-of Khnumkhuwfuw-is-powerful” (Khnum-Khufu is Khufu's full birth name).
67. Hieroglyphic inscriptions: "The gang, The Horus Mededuw-is-the-purifier-of-the-two-lands." (once) (Mededuw is Khufu's Horus name) “The gang, The-white-crown-of-Khnumkhuwfuw-is-powerful” (once).
68. Hieroglyphic inscriptions: “The gang, The-white-crown-of Khnumkhuwfuw-is-powerful” (ten times). "The gang, The Horus Mededuw-is-pure" (seven times).
69. Hierographic inscriptions: "The gang, Khufu-excites-love" (once). “The gang, The-white-crown-of Khnumkhuwfuw-is-powerful” (twice). "The gang, Khufu-excites-love" (once).
70. 25 niches were cut above the slots on both the North and South ramp shelves. They were filled with limestone patches. Trapezoidal cuttings were made across the niches.
71. Some experts think that granite plugs were placed here to be released later to plug the ascending passage. An example is shown here in cyan (you can move through the plug).
72. Semi-circular Boss: Function. unknown. Could it be part of a rope system to lower the 3 portcullises to seal the King's Chamber? 
73. One hole on the top granite block and another hole on the lower granite block. Function-unknown. These two blocks were not intended to be lowered to the passage below.
74. 3 semi-circular saddles are on this wall but none on the opposite wall. Why?
75. limestone ^|v granite (why?) Efrem Piccin in his book (GREAT PYRAMID EXPLANATION) wrote that it is an earthquake-resistant construction.
76. Did tomb robbers chip this granite blog to enter the King's Chamber?
77. Limestone beams    Granite beams
78. Limestone beams    Granite beams
79. Limestone beams    Granite beams
80. Limestone beams    Granite beams
81. Limestone beams    Granite beams
82. Caviglia's excavation to investigate North air shaft.
83. Well shaft (or Service Shaft): Entrance is nearer to the ground. 
84. Well shaft (or ServicecShaft): Purpose 1: ventilation shaft for the Subterranean Chamber. Purpose 2: an escape shaft for workers who seal the Ascending Passage.
85. Descending Passage
86. Well shaft (or Service Shaft)
87. Grotto is a natural limestone cave.
88. Slots for supports to hold up the bridging slab (above in yellow) between the Grand Gallery and Ascending Passage.
89. Slots for supports to hold up the bridging slab (above in yellow) between the Grand Gallery and Ascending Passage.
90. Move up to  enter the relieving chambers above the King's Chamber. 
91. Dead End liao. Explorers found nothing here!

